What is real. How do you define real? If you’re talking about what you
can feel, what you can smell, what you can taste and see, then real is
simply electrical signals interpreted by your brain. This is the world
that you know. The world as it was at the end of the twentieth century

It exists now only as part of a neural-interactive simulation  that we 
call the Matrix. You've been living in a dream world, Neo. This is the
world as it exists today... Welcome to the Desert of the Real. We have
only  bits and pieces  of information but what we know  for certain is 
that at  some point  in the early twenty-first century  all of mankind
was united in celebration.  We marveled at our  own magnificence as we 
gave birth to AI.

A singular consciousness  that spawned an  entire race of machines.  We
don't  know who  struck first, us  or them. But we know that it  was us 
that scorched  the sky. At the time they were dependent  on solar power
and it  was believed  that they would be unable  to survive  without an
energy  source as abundant  as  the sun.  Throughout  human history, we
have been dependent  on machines to survive. Fate it seems is not with-
out a sense  of irony.  The  human body generates more  bio-electricity 
than a 120-volt  battery and over 25,000  BTU's of body  heat. Combined
with a form of fusion the machines have found all the energy they would
ever need. There are fields, endless fields, where human beings  are no
longer born, we are grown. For the  longest time I wouldn't believe it,
and then I saw the fields with my own eyes. Watch them liquefy the dead
so they could be  fed intravenously to the living. And  standing there,
facing the pure horrifying precision, I came to realize the obviousness
of the  truth. What is  the Matrix? Control. The  Matrix is a  computer
generated dream world built to keep us under control in order to change
a human being into this.

           .-===-.
           |     |
           | D C |
           | U E |
           | R L |
           | A L |
           |     |
           '-----'

